c:\users\a13jesusrr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\bin\Debug\ProyectoDI.exe.config
c:\users\a13jesusrr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\bin\Debug\ProyectoDI.exe
c:\users\a13jesusrr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\bin\Debug\ProyectoDI.pdb
c:\users\a13jesusrr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\bin\Debug\ProyectoDI.xml
c:\users\a13jesusrr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\obj\Debug\ProyectoDI.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\a13jesusrr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\obj\Debug\ProyectoDI.fPrincipal.resources
c:\users\a13jesusrr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\obj\Debug\ProyectoDI.Resources.resources
c:\users\a13jesusrr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\obj\Debug\ProyectoDI.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\a13jesusrr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\obj\Debug\ProyectoDI.exe
c:\users\a13jesusrr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\obj\Debug\ProyectoDI.xml
c:\users\a13jesusrr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\obj\Debug\ProyectoDI.pdb
c:\users\a13jesusrr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\bin\Debug\es-ES\ProyectoDI.resources.dll
c:\users\a13jesusrr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\obj\Debug\ProyectoDI.fPrincipal.es-ES.resources
c:\users\a13jesusrr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\obj\Debug\es-ES\ProyectoDI.resources.dll
c:\users\a13jesusrr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\bin\Debug\en\ProyectoDI.resources.dll
c:\users\a13jesusrr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\obj\Debug\ProyectoDI.fPrincipal.en.resources
c:\users\a13jesusrr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\obj\Debug\en\ProyectoDI.resources.dll
C:\Users\a13jesusrr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\bin\Debug\RegistroRest.dll
C:\Users\a13jesusrr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\bin\Debug\RegistroRest.pdb
C:\Users\a13jesusrr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\bin\Debug\RegistroRest.xml
C:\Users\a13jesusrr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\obj\Debug\ProyectoDI.RegistroEmpleado.resources
C:\Users\a13jesusrr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\bin\Debug\en\RegistroRest.resources.dll
C:\Users\a13jesusrr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\obj\Debug\ProyectoDI.RegistroEmpleado.en.resources
C:\Users\a13jesusrr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\bin\Debug\es-ES\RegistroRest.resources.dll
C:\Users\a13jesusrr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoDI\ProyectoDI\obj\Debug\ProyectoDI.RegistroEmpleado.es-ES.resources
